# Dog-Training
I love dogs and wanted to build a fictitious site for dog training services. At the top of the webpage, there's a nav bar with links to the 3 sections. Each section has an ID in the href of the corresponding link, which tells it where to go when the link is pressed. Our services section was designed using components like styling. A card div was created to use the styling I liked, allowing me to reuse it three times. Once for each card div or service. Flexbox was used so that each card div would display side by side and so that I could give them each a grow, shrink, and basis property, which gives each card a starting size and tells them how much to grow or shrink when the page size changes. I also included a form at the bottom for requesting information. It takes the information that is input in the various fields, runs validations on it via JavaScript, and if the information is valid, it composes a success message at the bottom of the page that includes the inputted information from each field. It does this by first selecting the form by its ID. It then adds an event listener to the form for when it submits. The default action is prevented so that upon submission, it can run validations, extract info from the form, and use this information to construct the success message. Next, it creates a variable for each of the form fields, making its value whatever the user inputted at that field. The email variable is used as a parameter for the validate email function I created. This function compares the email address that was input by the user to the Regex expression, which not only checks for the use of the @ sign, but also for valid domain names within the email address. It then returns a boolean. If the return is true, it creates a success message including the input name, email, and type of training. If the return is false, it says, "Please input a valid email". The last validation is to make sure both the name and email fields are filled in. This was simply done by adding required inside both of their input tags.
